welcome to the man of recaps it's The
Walking Dead Season seven last season
ended with our group at the mercy of the
new villain negan and his gang the
Savior's negan is a friendly charismatic
type of psychopath and he doesn't want
to kill them he wants them to stay alive
so they can pay tribute to him but he
has to kill one of them to make an
example and he was literally playing
eenie meenie miney moe to see who it's
gonna be
and at the end of the season he chose
one and he bashed him over the head but
we didn't see who it was so the whole
offseason who was it Abraham know he was
a great character and he gets off one
more lick my nuts before negan kills him
for good
now Daryl's not gonna stand for this he
gets up and punches negan in the face
but that was against the rules I told
you to stay put so someone else has to
die it's not gonna be Daryl cuz negan
sort of likes him it's gonna be Glen no
Glen he's been with us that's episode
one
and his wife Maggie is pregnant and she
has to watch as meek and brutally bashes
his head in so Rick's like negan maybe
not today maybe not tomorrow but I'm
gonna kill you
Megan's like dude I can't have you
saying things like that do you not
understand yet here's your son Carl I'm
gonna make you cut off his hand and Rick
has absolutely no choice it's that or
everyone dies so he's gonna do it but
negan's like no no it's okay I'm not
gonna actually make you do that right
now but I could do you get it I own you
he's like I like Daryl I'm gonna take
him hostage and negan out now Carol left
our group at the end of last season she
was done with all the violence wanted to
make it on her own but violence catches
up with her and Morgan has to come and
save her life she's injured though and
they find these guys wearing like armor
and a horse yes they're from the kingdom
the kingdom is a great little survivors
community a lot like Alexandria but
they're called the kingdom because
they're led by this dude who has eye
tiger for a pet he's King Ezekiel and he
speaks like an old-timey king welcome
fair maiden to the realm of the kingdom
and Carols like what show am i on right
now now she doesn't trust anyone so she
tries to bail but king is he'll finds
her and he's like look guy I'm not
really a king I used to be a zookeeper
that's why I have a tiger and I did
community theater that's why I talk like
this but I'm a really cool guy you
should stay and she's like nah not for
now I got to go be on my own
so she finds this little house outside
of ways but Ezekiel comes by to give her
fruit and stuff because he's got kind of
a crush on her now it's a secret but the
kingdom also has to deal with Meghan's
gang the Savior's they come by once a
week to pick up tribute and even though
tensions are high sometimes Ezekiel
always puts a stop to it because he's
like look we need to maintain peace so
Darryl is a prisoner at negan's compound
and
mein captor is Dwight Daryl met Dwight
and his wife Cherie last season he
helped him out a bit but they ended up
stealing his bike and his crossbow and
later we saw that Dwight joined negan's
gang and got like a horrible burn on his
face negan wants Daryl to join his gang
and he's like hey guy what's your name
I'm negan that's you know the sign that
you're in the gang so he's like Daryl
what's your name but Daryl doesn't want
any part of this right now so they just
beat him up some more then negan stops
by Alexandria for his first pickup and
Rick lets him in because he knows they
can't win in a fight not without like
all of them dying and the first thing
negan takes is all of their guns hey
it's this girl Tara and this guy whose
name I don't know they left earlier last
season to go on a scouting around for
supplies they found this like bridge
encampment and they've looked around but
zombies ended up overwhelming them Tara
fell off the bridge she washes up on
shore and finds this little fishing
community of all women they're not
friendly though they normally shoot
strangers on sight it's just this one
girl wanted to protect her it's her
grandma who's the leader here and she
explains that it was negan's gang that
killed all of their men the girls
managed to escape and that's why they
shoot strangers on sight so no one can
find where they are they say they'll let
Tara go but turns out they're just gonna
shoot her anyway so she saved again by
the granddaughter and she's like look
you've got to swear a solemn vow that
you'll never tell anyone where we are
and Tara's like okay I promise that so
these two our friends now they go to the
bridge where Tara last saw the other
guys swarmed by zombies but she finds a
camper tracks went away with his glasses
nearby and this mysterious like keycard
so presumably he's alive somewhere so
Tara makes the long walk home but she
gets the bad news about the people that
have been killed including her
girlfriend that was shot with the
crossbow and so she's pretty sad now
last season Maggie was having some baby
problems so they were taking her to the
hilltop colony where they conveniently
have a baby doctor and he's like not fix
your problems you're all good and so she
and Sasha are gonna stay there but
Gregory their leader doesn't want that
see it was Gregory who asked them to
kill their savior outpost last season in
the first place and he's afraid if they
ever find Maggie here they'll know you
know that he did it and sure enough
right away the Savior's come led by
Megan's right-hand man Simon out Simon
is even more of a smiley psychopath than
negan if that's possible and he's like
so Gregory the Savior outpost that used
to deal with you guys all turned up dead
you know anything about that he's like
no definitely not and he's like good
because if it was you I'm gonna murder
you all now enid Carl's girlfriend wants
to go to hilltop to visit Maggie so they
go there right as the Savior's are
leaving so she's gonna stay at hilltop
for the season and Jesus decides to jump
on a savior truck to find out where they
live and he finds that Carl already had
the same
idea negan's base is the sanctuary it's
this big warehouse factory type of place
Jesus bails out because they're close
enough but Carl's like hey I'm going on
I'm not a scouting mission I'm on an
assassination mission but he can't get a
shot on me and so they take him prisoner
immediately negan's like I like you kid
you got balls come with me I'll show you
around
now besides his gang he's got a whole
bunch of like workers that have to bow
down to him he's also got a harem of hot
wives one of whom is sherry who used to
be Dwight's wife he likes making out
with her right in front of him because
you know he likes psychologically
torturing people now one of his wives
just she didn't onion with her actual
boyfriend and she's not getting punished
but he is he's getting the hot iron to
the face oh man
that's the punishment if you break any
rule here and it explains what happened
to Dwight space he and Shari still
shares cigarettes sometimes but things
are you know not the same anymore
between them so negan brings Carl back
to Alexandria but Rick's not home right
now he's out scouting for supplies they
find like a boathouse with a bunch of
good stuff on it so in the meantime he
can cook some spaghetti now this guy is
Spencer his mom was Deanna who used to
be in charge of Alexandria he's mad at
Rick because he blames Rick for
everything so he decides to go try to
befriend negan he's like look negan you
don't want to deal with Rick he's
definitely plotting to kill you you
should put me in charge of Alexandria
and we can be friends Niq it's like hey
coming up and asking me to do your dirty
work for you that shows that you got no
guts well he cuts his stomach open blah
and he's like oh there they are never
mind now the whole village saw this
happened so Rosita pulls out a gun and
shoots negan but oh it's blocked by the
baseball bat so she gets taken down and
Meegan's like wait a second is this a
homemade bullet see she had a gun
stashed in the woods but no ammunition
so she went to Eugene and he's the kind
of smart guy that knows how to make a
bullet negan's like tell me who made
this or I'm gonna start shooting minor
characters and Eugene's like oh it was
me and he's like hey smart guy you're
coming with me just then Ricky gets back
and me it's like hey you're welcome Rick
I didn't kill your son I just killed
some minor characters instead so freakin
the gang go to the hilltop colony where
they find Daryl someone unlocked the
door and left him a note to escape so he
got out of there and Jesus was nearby he
took him back to the hilltop and Daryl
managed to grab
Rick's old revolver which symbolizes his
will to fight or whatever so the gangs
getting ready to fight back he wants the
hilltop to fight with them but Gregory
wants none of that some of the people
though are willing to fight they look to
Maggie as a leader because when like a
zombie broke in she took the charge and
ran
with tractors they need more allies so
Jesus brings them to the kingdom works
like hey you want to join the fight and
these he keels like now I must protect
my people I will not risk open war and
Greeks like open waters upon you whether
you would risk it or no but it's a no
from them for now back at negan's
compound they're looking into Daryl's
escape and Dwight knows this handwriting
it's his old wife Sherry she felt bad
for Daryl and let him go negan is like
hey you better go find Cherie and bring
her back here and Dwight's like yeah I'm
your man you know I'm gonna do it he
goes to their old house where she left
him a note and it says remember how we
always said we'd meet up here with beer
and pretzels but after everything you've
done as part of negan's gang I just
don't know if I could trust you anymore
so I bailed and that's so sad because he
didn't come with beer and pretzels he
was gonna run off with her not bring her
back to negan they have Eugene captured
too but they don't put him in a Cell
they give him a nice room and a jar of
pickles and Megan's like hey so you can
make bullets you're smart and stuff and
Eugene goes into his hole like old thing
about how he was like a super scientist
which is mostly alive but he is a smart
dude and Megan's like dang you're gonna
be my new chief engineer negan let's
Eugene hang out with some of his wives
and play video games and also do some
science stuff and they're like hey
you're really smart can you help us out
our friend is really depressed wants to
commit suicide can you make her like a
suicide pill or something and he's like
well you know I guess I'll do that I'll
help out when Dwight gets back he says
he had to kill Shari and also that the
doctor helped her help Daryl escape
because he needed another scapegoat for
negan to trust him again and negan so
mad he skips the iron and throws the
doctor fully into the furnace which
Eugene sees so when the wives come back
they're like you have the pill he's like
no way I'm not doing anything to piss
off negan and when negan comes he's like
who are you he's like I'm negan 100%
negan all the way so Eugene is now the
new chief engineer and he seems to kind
of enjoy being important back in
Alexandria father Gabriel is missing now
he left him a note that said both must
be the boat where Rick found the
supplies so they go over there and get
ambushed by this whole gang of like God
looking people so this group lives in
the dump they are trash scavengers
they're led by this lady and they've
been watching the boat how so and they
saw her take the supplies they went and
then they found Gabriel that's why they
have him or it's like hey there's a
bunch of you guys with guns you want to
help us fight negan and she's like well
maybe but first you have to prove
yourself by fighting our trash zombie
it's all spiky so it's really hard to
fight but Rick manages to you know knock
it down and he's like man lady you're
crazy so she's like okay we'll help you
fight me in an exchange we get most of
his supplies or whatever but first you
have to go out and find us a lot more
guns so Rick and Michonne go out looking
for guns they find this big fair ground
with a bunch
armie zombies there and long story short
they end up with a bunch of guns that
they take them back to the trash people
and they're like no we still need more
the kingdom meets the saviors for
another pickup but they're short one can
elope and it's like hey you can't be
sure any cantaloupes we got to kill on
you so they're gonna kill the captain of
the guards but instead they shoot this
kid this teenager he's had a minor part
this season they could take him to
Carol's house because it's closer but he
dies Morgan goes investigating finds the
missing cantaloupe and it was when they
were stopped on the way that happened
the guards hid it there himself it's
like yeah I did it I wanted them to kill
me so that it would force the kingdom to
go to war but I'm sorry it happened to
the kid what we got to do is get the
Savior's to trust us again and then we
can launch a strength they won't expect
it so when they go back with the final
cantaloupe
Morgan comes and he beats this guy to
death and it's like hey he was the one
who hid the cantaloupe saviours trust us
now because I took them out for you then
he goes to see Carol and finally fills
her in on how negan killed like Glenn
and Abraham and so she's like oh I can't
live in isolation anymore
she's like Kingdom we got to go to war
and as he keels like yes the kingdom
shall ride to war the hilltop is also
gearing up for war when Simon comes back
for a visit he's here to take their baby
doctor because he was the Savior's
doctor brother it's like yes sir we
killed your brother but you just got
promoted Congrats
the Gregory talks to Simon in private
see he's worried that he's gonna lose
his position as leader here because
after he was out with Maggie and she
killed his Amba for him everyone like
doesn't like Gregory anymore they like
Maggie better since aemon's like hey
Gregory you ever need my help come and
see me on the save your compound and
Gregory leaves to go do that so it puts
Maggie de-facto in charge at the hilltop
Riggs like hey Tara you've been out real
far don't you know where any guns are
and of course the fishing village girls
have lots of guns but she made the
solemn vow not to tell in the end she
decides to bring her group there are
though they take them a hostage it's
like hey look we're not here to hurt you
we just need your guns in fact you
should join us to fight negan but
grandma comes out she doesn't want any
of it so her daughter has to punch her
in the face and just then this bunch of
zombies show up so the group fights a
bunch of zombies and killing zombies
together you know makes you bond pretty
well but grandma still refuses to get
involved in the fight so our group takes
the guns from them all leaves them
they're defenseless which is kind of a
dick move but you got to do what you got
to do
Rosita meets up with Sasha now it's
awkward for these two because Rosita was
dating Abraham the whole time we knew
her but he just dumped her last season
when he fell in love with Sasha but she
wants to work together now she's like
hey I found the sniper rifle want to go
assassinate me and it's like hell yeah
I'm in for that so they go over there to
snipe him but they can't get a clear
shot so that night they go to break in
and they find Eugene they're like hey
we're here to rescue you he's like no I
am way more scared of negan than I am
confident you can rescue me so he bails
Sasha breaks in
walk through Xena out she's like hey
it's a suicide mission like let me just
do it you go live so she goes in there
alone
of course sasha is caught immediately
and vegans like hey you got some big
balls lady I like that I'm gonna make
you pancakes and if you help join my
gang and talk alexandria down I'll only
kill one of them and she's like okay
I'll do that and when the group gets
home they find Dwight he came down to
talk to them he's like look I'm sick of
negan stuff I want to help you guys he's
coming tomorrow
to like kill you all so Dwight is going
back to negan to stay undercover and
they get all the trash people to come
the next day they're like wow this is a
lot better than a dump what have we been
doing so they're all ready when negan
shows up and Rick's like alright set off
the dynamite that we found but nothing
happens oh it's a double-cross by the
trash people can't trust those trash
people they're like yeah we talked to
negan behind your back he made us a
better offer so we're gonna side with
him negan's like that's right Rick if
you surrender now only one of you has to
die here's Sasha in a coffin for some
reason to tell you all about it but when
he opens the door no she's a zombie what
she attacks him earlier she talked to
Eugene she's like hey I'm super
depressed can you get me a knife or
something to kill myself and he's like
I'll do you one better I'll get you
these pills but she didn't want to
actually kill herself she wanted to kill
negan so she figured she can make
herself an undead weapon and she almost
gets him but not quite the gang uses the
distraction to try to fight back but
they're way outnumbered in there and
once again on their knees at the mercy
of negan he's like so Rick you get it
yet how helpless you are and Rick's like
I don't care I will kill you
and he's like man Rick you're gonna make
me kill Carl aren't you I'm gonna bat it
right now but a tiger comes up that's
right it's the kingdom they show up in
forest king as he kills like Alexandria
shall not fall on this day Maggie shows
up to with the hilltop militia they have
a big old fight negan's like I did not
sign up for Tigers I'm out of here
dump people we'll all escape also so the
good guys win the day so Dwight back
with negan he still trusts him for now
but he left the message for Alexandria
that he didn't know about the dumped
double cross so he's still secretly on
their side and Eugene still working for
negan - but if he ever finds out that he
gave Sasha the suicide pill he'll be in
big trouble
so negan brings his entire gang together
and they prepare for battle but the good
guys alliance is ready - and next season
it's gonna be all-out war
[Music]